Some top-level options are now only on sub-commands (#3329)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/migration/versions/02-upgrading-to-v1.5.md

As described in [dbt-core#7169](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/pull/7169), command-line parameters that could be silent before will no longer be silent. See [dbt-labs/dbt-core#7158](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/7158) and [dbt-labs/dbt-core#6800](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/6800) for more examples of the behavior we are fixing.

> Some options that could previously be specified before a sub-command now can only be specified afterwards. e.g. `dbt --profiles-dir . run` is no longer valid and must be `dbt run --profiles-dir .` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some options that could previously be specified before a sub-command can now only be specified afterward. For example, `dbt --profiles-dir . run` isn't valid anymore, and instead, you need to use `dbt run --profiles-dir .`
```
